# Pandas-Challenge
Create and manipulate Pandas DataFrames to analyze school and standardized test data.



### Background
The goal is to help the local school board and mayor make strategic decisions regarding future school budgets and priorities. This involves analyzing the district-wide standardized test results. The task will involve aggregating the data to showcase obvious trends in school performance. 



### Methods
**District Summary**

Calculations were performed to create a snapshot of the district's key metrics in a DataFrame. This will include the following:

        * Total number of unique schools, students and budget
        * Average math and reading scores
        * Percentage of students who passed math, reading and who passed both math and reading
        
        
        
**School Summary**

Calculations were performed to create a DataFrame summarizing key metrics about each school. This will include the following:

        * School name and type
        * Total students and school budget
        * Per student budget
        * Average math and reading scores
        * Percentage of students who passed math, reading and who passed both math and reading
        
        
DataFrames were then created to illustrate:

    * Highest and lowest-performing schools
    * Math and reading scores by grade
    * Scores by school spending, school size and school type
    


### Report
A written report that presents a cohesive analysis which summarizes the analysis and draws two conclusions/comparisons from the calculations. 



### References
* Dataset provided by edX UofT Data Analytics, which had been generated by Trilogy Education Services, LLC. 


- - -
